docs: applications: add missing packages to documentation (#5226)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: scripts/hid_configurator/README.rst

**********************

Every nRF Desktop device must be discovered by the script before it can be configured.
The script fetches the hardware ID and board name and scans for the configurable modules.
For each module, it obtains the list of available options.
For details about options available within each module, see the module documentation.

> From the user perspective, the nRF Desktop device is handled in the same way, regardless if it is connected to the host directly or through the nRF Desktop dongle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the user perspective, the nRF Desktop device is handled in the same way, regardless of it being connected to the host directly or through the nRF Desktop dongle.
```
